Election update (#183)
o3de/community: O3DE Elections/O3DE Elections Guide.md

# O3DE Elections Guide

## Best Practices
- 1-3 Election Officials:
 - Having 1-3 Election Officials allows for flexibility in case one of them is running in the election.
  - However, Election Officials cannot be the current SIG Chair/Co-Chair due to potential conflict of interest. In such cases, someone from the SIG needs to nominate an individual to run the election.
- Set Election Schedule:

>  - It is recommended to hold elections close or near other SIG Elections. Avoid from having all them at the same time as this can cause confusion from members. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - It is recommended to hold elections close or near other SIG Elections. Coordinate with other SIGs to avoid having all of elections at the same time as this can cause confusion from members. 
```

> ## Election Process (same for all SiGs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Election Process
This election process is the same for all SiGs.
```

1. Draft the SIG Election and share it with the current SIG Chairs for their input and revisions.
1. Determine the dates and timeline for the election.

> 1. Create an Election notice on GitHub as a new issue in the SIG, providing all the necessary details, including the SIG name and updated dates. "Consider creating a template for future elections".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create an Election notice on GitHub as a new issue in the SIG, providing all the necessary details, including the SIG name and updated dates. (Consider creating a template for future elections.)
```

   1. On Discord, create an event that links to the GitHub Issue and uses the same issue title, mentioning the nomination and voting dates, and the SIG name.
   1. Share the event in the SIG Channel, along with the mailing list.
   1. Monitor the channel during the nomination process, responding to questions, and checking for nominations, acceptances, or declines. 
   1. Send out reminders as necessary. 
   1. If there is only one nominee, extend the nomination period by 1-2 weeks. 
   1. If no one is nominated, the suggested candidate will become the Chair.
4. Once at least two nominees are confirmed, prepare the voting survey. In some cases, with only two candidates, they may decide on a chair and co-chair, and no vote is required. If they can't decide, set up an anonymous voting survey that allows only one vote per person. The candidate with the most votes is the Chair, and the next highest is the Co-Chair. If there is a tie, the candidates can work out the chair/co-chair roles, or a run-off may be held, or a coin flip can be used.
5. Announce the results in the Issue and the SIG Channel.

> 6. Keep the election issue open for about 1 to 2 weeks incase there is an issue that comes up. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Keep the election issue open for about 1 to 2 weeks in case there is an issue that comes up. 
```
